John Knox										10/22/19
Midterm Self-Assessment\n
  From the time we started this course I learned a lot about the design and implementation of a website. I have dabbled in this field a little bit years ago but found it hard because every concept was thrown on me at once with no explanation as to why we use certain tags or fields. I quickly lost interest and left the class because I had no idea how the websites were being created, and there was no opportunity to figure out what techniques for building a site worked for me.  Everything in this class is taught in small, easily digestible chunks, making it easier for me to better understand each concept. I learned techniques such as flexbox and grids, along with CSS style sheets have helped me to modularize my layouts and clean up my HTML tags for more efficient code. We were also given a lecture in how to publish our sites on GitHub using GitHub Pages after pushing our code to a repo which is so much easier than having to set up a server yourself. 
  My better understanding has given me the opportunity to figure out my own style and not just blindly follow a lecture like in the past. Ever since I learned about grids, I’ve been able to make my websites more modular and uniform in layout. When creating something I try to focus on function rather than form, using simple contrasting colors and a lot of images and text to get the point of the website across as clearly as possible. I believe I still have a lot to learn in terms of design. As feedback to my midterm website, many people thought my navigation bar needed to follow the user to prevent them from having to scroll all the way back up to the top of the page. It’s subtle things like that I overlook because of how focused I am on getting the website’s point across. I came into this class wanting to learn more about what makes a great user interface, and I have no doubt that after this class is over I will be a HTML master and create some of the best UIs around.
